docs(app-integrations): add the first version for app-integrations for camunda in self-managed environments (#8066)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/camunda-integrations/ms-teams/ms-teams-chatbot.md

---
id: ms-teams-chatbot
title: Chat bot
sidebar_label: Chat bot
description: "Interact with Camunda using a conversational bot in Microsoft Teams personal chats, group chats, and channels."
---

Interact with Camunda using a conversational bot in Microsoft Teams personal chats, group chats, and channels.

## About

The Camunda bot is available in your personal chat, group chats, and channels. You can interact with it by typing commands or by pressing buttons on the interactive cards it sends.

## Commands

The following commands are recognized by the bot:

| Command                                 | What it does                                                                                                                  |
| :-------------------------------------- | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **Hi** (or hey, hello, greetings, etc.) | The bot greets you. If you haven't connected your Camunda account yet, it shows you how to get started.                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Hi** (or hey, hello, greetings, and similar messages) | The bot greets you. If you haven't connected your Camunda account yet, it shows you how to get started.                       |
```
